# Simple ISAR Simulator Files
This folder contains all the files and versions used to create the final simulator, which was used to generate simulated ISAR data and images. It uses a stepped frequency pulsed waveform and allows scatterer co-ordinates, amplitude and object motion to be configured.

> When running any of the scripts within this folder, it is necessary to place the 'Normalise_limitDynamicRange_ISAR_dB.m' file (you can find it in the 'Support Functions/' folder) in the same directory.

## Simple_ISAR_Simulator.m
This script is the final simple ISAR simulator version and has the following additional features:

1. Customizable Scatterer Amplitudes: In addition to x-y coordinates, you can now set scatterer amplitudes either manually or by utilizing a Gaussian-like distribution.
2. Scatterer Configuration Display: The simulator plots the scatterer configuration.
3. User-Friendly Command Line Interface (CLI): An easy-to-use CLI is provided, allowing the user to define the rotation and translation motion parameters. As well as whether user would like to configure the scatter amplitudes using the Guassian-like distribution.

There are many other parameters that can be set by changing the code. The CLI was added with the idea of making repetitive testing simpler and is very simplistic in nature.

## Simulator Development/
This folder contains both the original simulator files and their revised versions. The revisions were made to introduce additional features and address previous issues.

## Testing Setup/
This folder comprises all the necessary files to replicate the simulated results used in the report. This version of the simulator differs from the 'Simple_ISAR_Simulator.m' file in several ways:

1. It not only generates the data but also includes calls to the RA and AF algorithms. The CLI has been updated to allow users to select the RA and AF alorithms, if any.
2. It calculates image contrast values.
3. Additionally, it incorporates a package that allows for the saving of MATLAB plots in LaTeX-compatible file formats.

### Matlab2Tikz
The [matlab2tikz](http://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/22022-matlab2tikz-matlab2tikz?download=true) package was used to save the MATLAB plots in LaTeX-compatible file formats
> When dealing with imagesc() plots, follow these steps:
>1. Run matlab2tikz() and save the resulting .tex file.
2. Configure the MATLAB plot to remove all titles, axes, etc.
3. Save only the image as a PNG.
4. Update the .tex file to use the newly created PNG instead of the original one generated by MATLAB.

>This process is necessary because the original PNG saved by matlab2tikz may be compressed, which reduces the quality of the image. While there is a built-in function for producing the TikZ code for the entire image within the .tex file, it may be very slow to compile in LaTeX."

